   Ariell. Thou lyest

   Cal. Thou lyest, thou iesting Monkey thou:
I would my valiant Master would destroy thee.
I do not lye

   Ste. Trinculo, if you trouble him any more in's tale,
By this hand, I will supplant some of your teeth

   Trin. Why, I said nothing

   Ste. Mum then, and no more: proceed

   Cal. I say by Sorcery he got this Isle
From me, he got it. If thy Greatnesse will
Reuenge it on him, (for I know thou dar'st)
But this Thing dare not

   Ste. That's most certaine

   Cal. Thou shalt be Lord of it, and Ile serue thee

   Ste. How now shall this be compast?
Canst thou bring me to the party?

  Cal. Yea, yea my Lord, Ile yeeld him thee asleepe,
Where thou maist knocke a naile into his head

   Ariell. Thou liest, thou canst not

   Cal. What a py'de Ninnie's this? Thou scuruy patch:
I do beseech thy Greatnesse giue him blowes,
And take his bottle from him: When that's gone,
He shall drinke nought but brine, for Ile not shew him
Where the quicke Freshes are

   Ste. Trinculo, run into no further danger:
Interrupt the Monster one word further, and by this
hand, Ile turne my mercie out o' doores, and make a
Stockfish of thee

   Trin. Why, what did I? I did nothing:
Ile go farther off

   Ste. Didst thou not say he lyed?
  Ariell. Thou liest

   Ste. Do I so? Take thou that,
As you like this, giue me the lye another time

   Trin. I did not giue the lie: Out o'your wittes, and
hearing too?
A pox o'your bottle, this can Sacke and drinking doo:
A murren on your Monster, and the diuell take your
fingers

   Cal. Ha, ha, ha

   Ste. Now forward with your Tale: prethee stand
further off

   Cal. Beate him enough: after a little time
Ile beate him too

   Ste. Stand farther: Come proceede

   Cal. Why, as I told thee, 'tis a custome with him
I'th afternoone to sleepe: there thou maist braine him,
Hauing first seiz'd his bookes: Or with a logge
Batter his skull, or paunch him with a stake,
Or cut his wezand with thy knife. Remember
First to possesse his Bookes; for without them
Hee's but a Sot, as I am; nor hath not
One Spirit to command: they all do hate him
As rootedly as I. Burne but his Bookes,
He ha's braue Vtensils (for so he calles them)
Which when he ha's a house, hee'l decke withall.
And that most deeply to consider, is
The beautie of his daughter: he himselfe
Cals her a non-pareill: I neuer saw a woman
But onely Sycorax my Dam, and she;
But she as farre surpasseth Sycorax,
As great'st do's least

   Ste. Is it so braue a 6.5 45. 2..25Lasse?
